If you don't build your dream, someone will hire you to build theirs! 
如果你没有梦想，那么你就会被别人招去完成他们的梦想。
You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day your  order takes out and it changes your life. 
你每天都在做很多看起来毫无意义的决定， 但某天你的某个决定就能改变你的一 生。 
Meet success like a gentleman and disaster like a man. 
优雅地迎接成功，勇敢地面对挫折。
It  is  better  to  stay  silent  and  be  thought  a  fool  than  to  open  one's  mouth  and remove all doubt. 
宁愿保持沉默让人看起来像个傻子， 也不要一开口就证明自己确实如此。 —亚伯 拉罕•林肯
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant. 
如何判断一天过得好不好，不要看你收获了多少，而要看你种下去了多少种子。
Never  frown,  even  when  you  are  sad,  because  you  never  know  who  is  falling  in love with your smile. 
纵然伤心，也不要愁眉不展，因为你不知谁会爱上你的笑容。
You  become  what  you  believe.  You  are  where  you  are  today  in  your  life  based  on everything you have believed. — Oprah Winfrey 
你梦想成为什么样的人， 你就能成为什么样的人。 你今时今日所处的位置都是基 于你所信赖和梦想的一切。
Life  is  not  lack  of  beauty,  but  lack  of  the  eyes  to  find  beauty.  -Teenmix 
生活中不是没有美，而是缺少发现美的眼睛。
For  anything  worth  having  one  must  pay  the  price;  and  the  price  is  always  work, patience, love, self-sacrifice. — John Burroughs 
任何值得拥有的东西都是需要付出代价的， 那就是努力、 耐心、 爱心以及自我牺 牲。
When I was young I observed that nine out of every ten things I did were  failures, so I did ten times more work. 
我年轻时注意到，自己做事十有八九不成功，于是我就以十倍的努力去工作。
If you want to fly higher, you have to give up the things that weigh you  down. 
如果你想飞向更美好的地方，就必须丢掉那些沉重的负担。
Take pride in how far you've come. Have faith in how far you can go. But  don't forget to enjoy the journey. 
对于你走完的路感到骄傲，对于你可以走多远感到自信，但不要忘记享受旅程。
The clock is running. Make the most of today. Time waits for no man.  Yesterday is history.  Tomorrow  is a  mystery. Today is a gift. That's why  it is called the present. 
时光飞逝，抓住今天。昨天已成为历史，明天是未知的，而今天是上天赐予我们 的礼物，这就是为什么我们把它叫做现在！
Don't let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the  happiness of your present. 
别让过去的悲催，或者未来的忧虑，毁掉自己当下的快乐。
When  I  was  young,  happiness  was  simple;  now  that  I've  grown  up,  simplicity  is happiness. 
小时候，幸福是件很简单的事；长大后，简单是件很幸福的事。
If  a  jewel  falls  into  the  mire,  it  remains  as  precious  as  before;  and  though  dust should ascend to heaven, its former worthlessness will not be  altered. 
宝石即使落在泥潭里，仍是一样可贵；尘土纵然扬到天上，还是没有价值。
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you  can. 
人生是一幅大画布，你应该努力绘出绚丽多彩的画面 . 
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards. 
我走得很慢，但是我从来不会后退。—林肯
A  man  can  succeed  at  almost  anything  for  which  he  has  unlimited  enthusiasm. 
只要有无限的热情，一个人几乎可以在任何事情上取得成功。
Skills  vary  with  the  man ． We  must  tread  a  straight  path  and  strive  by  that  which is born in us ．
技能因人而异。我们必须凭藉天生的资质引导我们执著前行，奋斗不息。
I don't really know where I'm going, but I hope I go far. 
我不太肯定我的方向，但是我希望自己能走的远一点。
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning. 
一次痛彻心扉的经历，抵得上千百次的告诫。
Love may fade with the season. But some friendships are year-round 。
爱情可能随着季节的变迁而褪去，可友谊会为你全年守候。
Life is an onion and one cries while peeling it. 
生命就是一个洋葱，我们泪汪汪的，一层层剥开它
The  pessimist  complains  about  the  wind;  the  optimist  expects  it  to  change;  and the realist adjusts the sails. 
悲观者埋怨刮风；乐观者静侯风变；现实者调整风帆。
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one  wants, and the other is getting it. 
在这个世界上只有两种悲剧：一种是得不到自己想要的东西，另一种是得到了。
We  come  to  love  not  by  finding  the  perfect  person,  but  by  learning  to  see  an imperfect person perfectly. 
相爱并非因为对方完美，但是为了爱，学着将对方的不完美看作完美。
In difficult situations when hope seems feeble, the boldest plans are  safest. 
陷于希望渺茫的困境时，最大胆的计划反而最可靠。
Life is not a matter of counting the days. It's making the days count. 
生活不是数着日子过去，而是让每个日子都变得有意义。
The Lord prefers common-looking people. That is the reason he makes so  many of them. 
上帝喜欢长相平凡的人，所以他创造了这么多普通人。——林肯
It seldom happens that any felicity comes pure as not to be tempered and  allayed by some mixture of sorrow. 
几乎没有任何一种幸福是纯粹的，总是多少掺杂着一些悲哀。
Natural abilities are like natural plants that need pruning by study. 
天生的才干如同天生的植物一样，需要靠学习来修剪。
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning to  dance in the rain. 
生活不是等待暴风雨过去，而是要学会在雨中跳舞。
Doing what you love  is the  cornerstone  of having abundance in  your life. 
做你爱做的事是拥有富足人生的基石。
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you will see. 
你回首看得越远，你向前也会看得越远。——
Winston Churchill  The secret of being  miserable is  to  have leisure to bother about whether  you are happy or not. 
痛苦的秘密在于有闲功夫担心自己是否幸福。
All the splendor in the world is not worth a good friend. 
人世间所有的荣华富贵不如一个好朋友
The  only  limit  to  our  realization  of  tomorrow  will  be  our  doubts  of  today. 
实现明天理想的唯一障碍是今天的疑虑。
There are no conditions to which a man cannot become accustomed,  especially if he sees that all those around him live in the same way. 
没有人不能适应的环境，特别是当他看到他周围的人也这样生活。
The greatest risk in life is to risk nothing. 
人生中最大的风险是过没有任何风险的生活。
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go  out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it. 
总是做你自己，表达自己，相信自己，而不是去寻找一种成功的性格和复制它。
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it  done. 
如果你花费太长时间去想一件事，那你永远不会完成它。
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop  playing. 
我们不是因为年老而停止玩乐，我们是因为停止玩乐才会变老。
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance. 
完成伟大的事业不在于体力，而在于坚韧不拔的毅力。
Meeting  you  was  fate,  and  falling  in  love  with  you  was  out  of  my  control. 
遇见你是命运的安排而爱上你是我情不自禁。
Words don't have the power  to  hurt you.  Unless ， the person  who said them  means a lot to you. 
话语本身不伤人，除非，说这话的人对你而言很重要。
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different. -Teenmix 
想要无可取代，就必须时刻与众不同。
The best shoes in the whole world, are those that look good on you! – Teenmix 
最适合你的鞋，才是世界上最美的鞋。
Fashion  is  very  important.  It  can  improve  your  life  and,  like  everything  that gives pleasure, it is worth doing well.  – Teenmix 
时尚很重要， 就像所有能给予你欢愉的东西那样， 它能提升你的生活， 它值得你 去精益求精。
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. 
无热情成就不了伟业。
Most  of  the  great  ideas  we  have  in  life  are  born  out  of  the  fleeting  moments  of stillness. 
我们生命中很多伟大的想法，都来源于沉思的一瞬间。
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even  touched. They must be felt with the heart. 
世上最美好的事物看不着也摸不到，它们只能用心感觉。
Wish  you  a  bright  happy  New  Year!  May  the  season  bring  much  pleasure  to you. 
愿你的新年灿烂辉煌！佳节快乐！
If you want something you have never had, you must be willing to do  something you have never done. 
如果你想拥有自己从未有过的东西，那就必须愿意去完成从未做过的事情。
Be thankful for each new challenge, because it will build your strength  and character. 
感谢每一次新的挑战，因为它会塑造你的个性和力量。
It doesn't really matter if your glass is half empty or half full. Be  thankful that you have a glass and that there's something in it. 
不管你的杯子是半空还是半满，要心存感激，至少你还有半杯。
You're only young once and you're never old twice. 
你只能年轻一次，而且绝对不可能老两次。
Love me little, love me long. 
爱不贵亲密，而贵长久。
All time is no time when it is past. 
光阴一去不复返。
In this world, only those men who really feel happy can give women  happiness. 
在这个世界上，只有真正快乐的男人，才能带给女人真正的快乐。
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. 
不要浪费时间敲一堵墙，你无法将其变做一扇门。
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the  brave. 
懦夫没有能力去表现爱；爱是勇者的特权。
Ability  may  get  you  to  the  top,  but  it  takes  character  to  keep  you  there. 
能力会让你青云直上， 到达顶峰， 但必须靠足够的人格魅力， 才能让你留在那里。
Keep  calm  in  favorable  circumstances.  Keep  composed  in  adverse  situation. 
顺境处之淡然，逆境处之泰然。
You may miss everything if you dare not make mistakes. 
不敢犯错，可能把一切都错过。
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. 
你可以拥有一切，只是不能一次就全到手。
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting on your dreams wrinkles the soul. 
岁月使身体长出了皱纹，而放弃梦想则会使灵魂生出皱纹。
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. 
看似痛苦的考验的往往是伪装的祝福。
