|aa|bb|
|--|--|
Everyone has his inherent ability which is easily concealed by habits, blurred by time, and  eroded by laziness. 
每个人都有潜能，只是很容易被习惯所掩盖，被时间所迷离，被惰性所消磨。
Man might think that few women fit him before his marriage, and contrarily when they get  married.
男人在结婚前觉得适合自己的女人太少，结婚后觉得适合自己的女人很多。
If you   wraelk ing down the  right path and you    rwe illing to keep walking, eventually you    ll make progress.
如果你走的道路正确，并坚持走下去，最终你会成功的。
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for circumstances they  want, and if they cannot find them, they make them.
在这个世界上，取得成功的人是那些努力寻找他们想要机会的人，如果找不到机会，他们就去创造机 会。
Dont part with your illusions . When they are gone you may still exist , but  you have ceased to live.
千万不要放弃梦想。当梦想消失的时候，尽管你还存在，但是你虽生犹死。
Histories make men wise; poems witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral  grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
历史使人明智；诗词使人灵秀；数学使人周密；自然哲学使人深刻；伦理使人庄重；逻辑修辞学使人 善辨。
Ideal is the beacon. Without ideal, there is no secure direction; without direction, there is no  life. 
理想是指路明灯。没有理想，就没有坚定的方向；没有方向，就没有生活。
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the  thrill of creative effort. 
幸福不在于拥有金钱，而在于获得成就时的喜悦以及产生创造力的激情。
The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are or not.
痛苦的秘密在于有闲功夫担心自己是否幸福。
Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom  happen, as by little advantages that occur every day. 
与其说人类的幸福来自偶尔发生的鸿运， 不如说来自每天都有的小实惠。
Make yourself a better person and know who you are before you try and someone else and  expect them to know you. 
在你想了解别人也想让别人了解你之前，先完善并了解自己。
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. 
我们必须接受失望，因为它是有限的，但千万不可失去希望，因为它是无穷的
A man can fail many  times, but he isnt a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.
一个人可以失败许多次，但是只要他没有开始责怪别人，他还不是一个失败者。
If you are too fortunate, you will not know yourself; if you are too unfortunate, nobody will  know you.
运气太好，见人不睬；运气太坏，无人理会。
Life is made up of sobs, sniffles and smiles with sniffles predominating. 
人生是由呜咽，抽泣和微笑组成，而在三者之中，抽泣处于支配地位。
Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same  direction.  — Saint Exupery 
爱情不在于相互凝视，而在于共同往外朝一个方向看。 — 圣埃格 ? 楚佩里
Work is more that a necessary for most human beings; it is the focus of their lives, the source  of their identity and creativity.  — Leonard R.Sayles
对大多数人来说，工作不仅仅是一种必需，它还是人们生活的焦点，是他们的个性和创造性的源泉。 — 塞尔斯 .L.R.
When youre down and out, remember to keep your head up. When youre up and well, remember to  keep your feet down.
穷困潦倒时，要抬头挺胸；春风得意时，要脚踏实地。
Remember, listen as your day unfolds. Challenge what the future holds. Try and keep your head up  to the sky. 
记住，生活中要悉心聆听，向未知的明天挑战。努力保持昂首朝天的姿态。
I think the best attitude toward life is to keep your humor on and show your smile to what happens. 
人生在世，八方风雨；不妨一笑，淡然处之。
Every day may not be good,but theres something good in every day. 
不见得每天都是好日子，但是每天 总会有些好事发生的。
Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that  thse one that is going to  require the most from you.
就做那个让你最不安的事情，因为它能发挥你最大的潜能。
When it comes to going after what you love in life, dont take NO for an answer. 
当你追求人生所爱 时，你的字典里就不该有 “不可能 ”这个词。
If you dont go after what you want, youll never have it.If you dont step forward, youre  always in the same place. 
不去追逐你所渴求，你将永远不会拥有。不往前走，就将永远停留。
Let us face the reality, so that we are committed to our ideal. Che Guevara 
让我们面对现实，让我们忠于理想 切·格瓦拉
If life is  d ivided into two episodes, the first is  "hesitance-free", while the second is"regret-free".
若将人生一分为二，前半段叫做 “不犹豫 ”，后半段叫做 “不后悔 ”。
Dont worry too much about the ambiguous future, just make effort for explicit being present.
不为模糊不清的未来过分担忧，只为清清楚楚的现在奋发图强。
Things that make life easier: A parents hug, a lovers kiss, a friends support. 
让生活变轻松有 三样东西：父母的拥抱，恋人的亲吻，朋友的支持。
If you wept for the missing sunset, you would miss all the shining stars. 
如果你为错过夕阳而哭 泣，那么你就要错过群星了。
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. 
未来属于那些相信梦想之美好 的人。
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long. 
在你想要放弃的那 一刻，想想为什么当初坚持走到了这里。
Time management is really a misnomer - the challenge is not to manage time, but to manage  ourselves.
“时间管理 ”，其实是一个误称，我们挑战的是管理自己，而不是时间。
When you cant concentrate on reading, do the following: Look at the mirror or check the balance  of your bank account or think about the new marriage law. 
看不进书的时候就照照镜子、看看银行卡余 额、想想新婚姻法。
Never regret. If its good, its wonderful. If its bad, its experience. 
不必遗憾。若是美好，叫 做精彩。若是糟糕，叫做经历。
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. 
有些人想成功，还 有些人渴望成功，另有些人通过努力使梦想成真。
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. 
重复的行为造就了我 们；因而，卓越不是一种举动，而是一种习惯。
When we step on the battlefield, I will be The First Boots On and the Last Boots Off. 
当我们踏上 战场，我必将首先发起冲锋，也必然坚守到最后。
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
永远都要做最好的自己，而不是第二好的别人
but by a series of small things brought together.
伟大的成就并非源自一时冲动，而是由一系列小事汇聚而成的
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. Great things are not done by impulse, 
今天的好计划胜过明天的完美计划。
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
没人能回头重新来过；但谁都可以从现在起书写一个不同的结局。
Dont set your goals according to what are deemed important by others. Only you know what is  best for yourself.
别人认为重要的，并不就是你的追求。只有自己才知道什么最合适。
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. --Napoleon Bonaparte 
当你的敌人犯错的时 候，千万不要去打扰他。 --  拿破伦 ? 波拿巴
Growing in wisdom can be measured by the decrease in bitterness. 
智慧的增长可用痛苦的减少来衡量。
No matter how far you may fly, never forget where you come from.
无论你能飞多远，都别忘了你来自何方
Smile and silence are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems and silence is  the way to avoid many problems. 
微笑和沉默是两把利器：微笑解决很多问题，沉默避免许多问题。
Get outside every day. Miracles are waiting everywhere. 
每天出去走走，奇迹就在身边。
Reserve one meter sunshine and put them in atrium. Elated wind, tap my heart window.
预定一米阳光，装进心房。欢畅的风，轻敲我的心窗。
Sloth, like rust, consumes faster than labor wears. 
懒惰像生锈一样，比操劳更能消耗身体。
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is mystery. But today is a gift. 
昨日已逝，明天尚远，今天才是老天赐 予的礼物。
Some birds are not meant to be caged; their feathers are just too bright. 
有些鸟儿是注定不会被关在 牢笼里，它们的每一片羽毛都闪耀着光辉。
If youre brave enough to say GOODBYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
只要你勇敢地说出再见，生活一定会赐予你一个新的开始
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind  ．
对自己承诺：我要强大到任何事情都无法破坏我内心的平和。
Sometimes you gotta shut up, swallow your pride and accept that youre wrong. Its not giving  up. Its called growing up. 
有时候，你需要做的就是闭嘴，放下所谓的自尊，承认自己的错误。这不叫放弃， 而叫成长。
Dont worry too much about the ambiguous future; just make effort for the explicit present. Silence is the best answer for all questions. Smiling is the best reaction in all situations.
沉默是应对所有问题的最佳答案，微笑是在所有情况下的最佳反应。
From now on, I will expect nothing, and just take what I get. 
从现在起，我将不再期待，只珍惜我所拥 有的。
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.  — Hans  Christian Andersen.
仅仅活着是不够的，还需要有阳光、自由，和一点花的芬芳。
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. — Maria Robinson
没有人可以回到过去从头再来，但是每个人都可以从今天开始，创造一个全新的结局
Meeting you was fate,  becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control. 
遇见你是命 运的安排，成为了朋友是我的选择，而爱上你是我无法控制的意外。
I always in the deepest despair, meet the most beautiful surprise. 
我总在最深的绝望里，遇见最美丽 的惊喜。